Update mfa.md (#30241)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authentication/mfa.md

passkeys/FIDO2 is currently:

* The most secure way of achieving MFA.

> * MFA that protects against phishing attacks. (As well as certificate authentication and Windows for business)

Reviewer: This is a preexisting problem, but the "(As well as ...)" sentence doesn't make sense in context. It should probably be made into two extra bullets but then it still wouldn't make sense without something additional.

At present, ASP.NET Core doesn't support passkeys/FIDO2 directly. Passkeys/FIDO2 can be used for MFA or passwordless flows.

> Microsoft Entra IDprovides support for passkeys/FIDO2 and passwordless flows. For more information, see [Passwordless authentication options](/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-authentication-passwordless).

Author: ```suggestion
Microsoft Entra ID provides support for passkeys/FIDO2 and passwordless flows. For more information, see [Passwordless authentication options](/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-authentication-passwordless).
```

passkeys/FIDO2 is currently:

* The most secure way of achieving MFA.
* MFA that protects against phishing attacks. (As well as certificate authentication and Windows for business)

At present, ASP.NET Core doesn't support passkeys/FIDO2 directly. Passkeys/FIDO2 can be used for MFA or passwordless flows.

> Microsoft Entra IDprovides support for passkeys/FIDO2 and passwordless flows. For more information, see [Passwordless authentication options for Azure Active Directory](/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-authentication-passwordless).

Author: ```suggestion
Microsoft Entra ID provides support for passkeys/FIDO2 and passwordless flows. For more information, see [Passwordless authentication options](/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-authentication-passwordless).
```
